Best Practices Summit for Cyber Resilience January 2026

Date 10-11 January 2026
Time: 07:00am to 06:00pm
Venue: Gandhinagar
No. of Expected Audience: 150
Target Audience: CISOs,CIOs,CXOs
Event Link
Food preference: We will arrange special food for Jain and Swaminaryan people.
Clothing Attire  : Formal
Lobby list : GCCI, KCCI, CII, GESIA, ASSOCHAM to invite people from Saas Based Prouct Company CXOs
Event Activity :  5 Session 4 Panel Discussion
Topics to be covered :
Cyber Security in FinTech
Cyber Security in Healthcare
Cyber Security in Ai/ML
DPDP Act / GRC
I m attending  post


What is ComExpo Cyber Security Foundation?
ComExpo Cyber Security Foundation is a cyber security think tank from Gujarat which is a non-profit section-8 organization that believes the Web should be safe, open and equally accessible to everyone. Our motto is to enable people from all age groups and professionals to be a part of making awesome things on the web. We teach all to develop their web literacy skills by spreading awareness and teaching the skills required to develop the web. To do so, we go to school, colleges, offices and any public spaces to teach them about the web.  Today CyberSpace in India is facing many problems, people are becoming victim of cyber-crime in day to day life which is increasing by 1500 % CAGR, Government of India is working rapidly on this issue to bring keen and powerful solutions in upcoming future but the big revolution is not possible without the help of citizen itself. So it's time to learn and get Secured, Safe and Stay Protected against the Cyber Theft and Cyber Crime which happen just with a few clicks. India is revolutionized in FinTech, Smart city, Smart Grid, Space Technology, Defence system, Telecommunication sector and becoming a cashless economy then security is a big concern for Industry so we are reaching out to individuals, company, start-up to strengthen their security.
What is The "Hacker's Meet-up"
"Hackers Meet-up" is a monthly must attend Meet-up which features in the calendars of security researchers, hackers and professionals around the nation. The event aims to bring together primarily security researchers, hackers, business leaders, entrepreneurs but also includes practitioners from academia, industry, government organizations as well as students to elaborate and discuss the IT Security challenges that we are facing today and also about the next generation computer security issues. The Hackers Meetup is not just an event, but a crucial opportunity for top-level executives to stay ahead in the ever-evolving landscape of cybersecurity. Join us to enhance your knowledge, expand your professional network, and lead your organization with confidence in the digital age.
Best Practices Meetup
Best Practices Meetup is an exclusive gathering tailored for Chief Information Security Officers (CISOs) and senior cybersecurity professionals, high-level executives and technology leaders including CEOs, CTOs, CIOs, and other decision-makers who are responsible for shaping the strategic direction of their organizations' technology and security frameworks to connect, share insights, and discuss the latest trends in cybersecurity and digital transformation. Featuring industry leaders and visionaries who will share their experiences and predictions about the future of technology and cybersecurity. Interactive panels where experts will delve into critical topics such as cyber risk management, data privacy, and the integration of AI in security protocols. Exclusive networking sessions that allow CXOs to connect with peers, exchange ideas, and explore potential collaborations.
What will happen in this meetup?
We will be inviting CISO and CXO from FinTech, Healthcare It/Ites Industry and Cyber Security Sector to attend this event where we will host a  Series of Expert Sessions and Panel discussion on Challenges and issues in Fintech, Healthcare industry related to cyber security where we would try to understand that what kind of problems this companies are facing related to cyber security and is there any solution available for it from cyber security companies. If there is no solution available then it could be good potential problem statement for Industry or chance to create a startup around it. If any potential startup or organization have solutions then they can pitch it CISO/CXO later on in One-to-one Networking. Later we will arrange networking session amongst the invitee so they can get to know each other better and talk about scope of work.
Who all can come to this meetup?
We are specifically inviting Fintech, Healthtech, It/Ites ,SAAS based product Founders, CXOs, CISOs from well-known organizations who have millions of dollars in revenue which should have separate budget for cyber security solutions or can spend on cyber security services. We are inviting all the well know CXO from cyber security sector to share their knowledge, experience and insights from security point of view and provide them an opportunity to do networking with potential clients. Also we will be inviting CXO from other stakeholder organisations like STPI, FinTech organizations and prominent personality from industry lobby like GCCI, KCCI, CII GESIA, ASSOCHAM
Outcome of this meetup
Find a list of Problem statement for Fintech, HealthTech, IT/ITes, SAAS based products related to cyber security
Opportunity for cyber security startups to meet potential clients
Collaboration opportunity from networking during the event
 For Fintech , HealthTech, IT/ITes & Saas based product manager understand best practices for securing cloud infrastructure
Learn more about challenges around compliance of data
Strategize to implement new cyber security policy or framework
Get aware of emerging threats and future trend related to security in FinTech, HealthTech, IT/ITes, Saas Based product
​​​Key Highlights
This isn't your typical event. It's an invitation to join the cybersecurity elite, share ideas, and supercharge your network! For Cybersecurity Companies Startups, FinTech, HealthTech, IT/ITes & SaaS Based Product Companies/Startups, CISO/CIO CXOs, IT Managers
Expert Talks, Panel Discussion & Networking
Exclusive Invite Access
Limited to 150 Seats
Professionals Only
Tea, Snacks & Lunch
Network with the brightest minds in cybersecurity.
Connect with industry professionals and visionaries.
Explore opportunities for growth and innovation.
Share insights and expertise.
Build the future of cybersecurity together!
Don't miss out on the Best Practices CXO Power Networking Meetup. This is where cybersecurity leaders come together to shape the future.
Speakers list:
Call for Speakers: https://forms.gle/1gRAG25jhdmLS4B67
Call for Community Partner:https://forms.gle/ghaoste1mB9jevnp6
Sponsorship opportunity : https://forms.gle/7ZRQe5UYKPhkedk4A
THM job posting: https://forms.gle/zSoHcc59VtQxV8Yb8
Event Flow
Timings
Activity
Key Person
07:00am to 08:00am
Event Preparation

08:00am to 09:00am
Registration/ Networking Tea


09:00am to 09:15am
Welcome note


09:15am to 10:00am
Opening Keynote
Guest Speaker 1
10:00am to 10:45am
Speaker Session 1 - Fintech
Guest Speaker 2
10:45am to 11:30am
Speaker Session 2 - Healthcare
 Guest Speaker 3
11:30am to 12:15pm
Panel Discussion on
Cyber Security in FinTech
Panellist list

Moderated by
12:15pm to 01:00pm
Networking Lunch

01:00pm to 01:45pm
Panel Discussion on
Cyber Security in Healthcare
Panellist list

Moderated by
01:45pm to 02:30pm
Panel Discussion on
Cyber Security in Ai/ML
Panellist list

Moderated by
02:30pm to 03:15pm
Panel Discussion on
DPDP Act
Panellist list

Moderated by
03:15pm to 04:00pm
Speaker session 3- Ai/ML
Guest Speaker 4
04:00pm to 04:45pm
Closing Keynote
Guest Speaker 5
04:45pm to 05:00pm
Vote of Thanks (End of Program)

05:00pm to 06:00pm
Networking High-Tea


January 2026  Best Practices Summit (Status: Venue Confirm, Speaker, Promotion, Guest , Sponsor  )
Key Note 1
Panel 1  BFSI
1 bank - sbi/hdfc/icici/idfc/
1 insurance -
2 stock NSE -

Panel 2 goverment
1 LEA
1 ISRO/PRL
1 Defense

Panel 3 cyber security in Helathcare
1 kD hospital
2 apollo
3 shalby
4 sal
5 marengo cims

Panel 4  cyber secuirty in Ai
1  IBM
2 education
3 research
4 leading company

keynote 2



Work Allotment

Pre-Event work

Creative (poster/design) :
Social media page:
Documentation (sending email etc) :
Speaker management,guest list/ invite:
Audience Registration approval Invite / audience filtration (calls) :
Logistics (printing branding & marketing materials):
Partnership & Sponsorship Management:
website development & managing Portal:
Volunteers management  + Deakin POC
Lobby connect  CII , GCCI, KCCI, GESIA Indo-America
Press Release
Press Media- News Channel - Viral Parmar

On the event day
Event Host
Food Buffet/Food Pack  Budget  (Water Bottles)
Registration desk
Panel Moderator
Guest hospitality
Press Media
Media Team : 4 person
Photography & Videography
I m attending  post (poster)
One quote on topic video
One POV suggestion video
One feedback video THM
Record events glimpses for promotional video and reels
Social Media Team: Twitter -
2 Registration Desk
2 Gate pe
2 Person Food Arrangement
2 Person Seating Arrangement

10 Volunteers :

Announcement
Upcoming event
Speaker
Venue
THM Member
Website Update
Donation
10 Min presentation
30 min Palo alto
Group Photo


Event Management

Timeline
Registration Open 20/04/2025
Speaker Confirmation 30/04/2025
Partner Confirmation  05/05/2025
Food Sponsorship : 05/05/2025
Swag Confirmation : 05/05/2025
Volunteer Finalization: 20/04/2025
Standee & Banner Design : 05/05/2025
Speaker Momento & Goodies : 05/05/2025
Certificate : 05/05/2025
ID Card & Lanyard: 05/05/2025
Name tag : 05/05/2025
Tshirt : 05/05/2025
Sticker : 05/05/2025
Conference Pad & Pen: 05/05/2025
Mouse Pad: 05/05/2025
Coffee mugs ceramic/ Insulated temperature Water bottle: 05/05/2025
Registration Close 05/05/2025

Post Event Activity

Publish
Blog Posts
Video testimonials (feedback)
Event Photos
Post on Social Media
Video Glimpses


Hello team we have to create some content from our event to promote coz not lot of people know about this event and why they should come so we have to work on some solid content and social media promotion
CXO-CISO meetup
One quote on topic video
One POV suggestion video
One feedback video
Record events glimpses for promotional video and reels


Task List
FInd Sponsor
Sell few tickets
Golden Tickets

Guest List

